Draft 2.0.5 Release Notes (#6447)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## 2.0.5

### Build Deployments in Python

> The new yaml based deployment definition provided a simple, extensible foundation for our new deployment creation experience. Now, by popular demand, we're extending that experience to enable you to define deployments and build them from within Python. You can do so by defining a `Deployment` Python object, specifying the deployment options as properties of the object, then building and applying the object using methods of `Deployment`. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/deployments/) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new, YAML-based deployment definition provides a simple, extensible foundation for our new deployment creation experience. Now, by popular demand, we're extending that experience to enable you to define deployments and build them from within Python. You can do so by defining a `Deployment` Python object, specifying the deployment options as properties of the object, then building and applying the object using methods of `Deployment`. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/deployments/) to learn more.
```

> ### Simpified Work Queues & Agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Simplified Agents & Work Queues
```

> Work Queues and agents give you control over where and how flow runs are executed. Now, creating a work queue and a corresponding agent is even easier. Work queues now operate strictly by name, not by matching tags. Deployments, and the flow runs they generate, are explicitly linked to a single work queue. A work queues is automatically created whenever a deployment references it, so you don't need to create a new work queue each time you want to want to route a deployment's flow runs separately. Agents can now pull from multiple work queues. These changes are fully backwards compatible. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/work-queues/) for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agents and work queues give you control over where and how flow runs are executed. Now, creating an agent (and corresponding work queue) is even easier. Work queues now operate strictly by name, not by matching tags. Deployments, and the flow runs they generate, are explicitly linked to a single work queue, and the work queue is automatically created whenever a deployment references it. This means you no longer need to manually create a new work queue each time you want to want to route a deployment's flow runs separately. Agents can now pull from multiple work queues, and also automatically generate work queues that don't already exist. The result of these improvements is that most users will not have to interact directly with work queues at all, but advanced users can take advantage of them for increased control over how work is distributed to agents. These changes are fully backwards compatible. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/work-queues/) for more information. 
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## 2.0.5

### Build Deployments in Python
The new, YAML-based deployment definition provides a simple, extensible foundation for our new deployment creation experience. Now, by popular demand, we're extending that experience to enable you to define deployments and build them from within Python. You can do so by defining a `Deployment` Python object, specifying the deployment options as properties of the object, then building and applying the object using methods of `Deployment`. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/deployments/) to learn more.

### Simplified Agents & Work Queues

> Agents and work queues give you control over where and how flow runs are executed. Now, creating an agent (and corresponding work queue) is even easier. Work queues now operate strictly by name, not by matching tags. Deployments, and the flow runs they generate, are explicitly linked to a single work queue, and the work queue is automatically created whenever a deployment references it. This means you no longer need to manually create a new work queue each time you want to want to route a deployment's flow runs separately. Agents can now pull from multiple work queues, and also automatically generate work queues that don't already exist. The result of these improvements is that most users will not have to interact directly with work queues at all, but advanced users can take advantage of them for increased control over how work is distributed to agents. These changes are fully backwards compatible. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/work-queues/) for more information. 

Author: ```suggestion
Agents and work queues give you control over where and how flow runs are executed. Now, creating an agent (and corresponding work queue) is even easier. Work queues now operate strictly by name, not by matching tags. Deployments, and the flow runs they generate, are explicitly linked to a single work queue, and the work queue is automatically created whenever a deployment references it. This means you no longer need to manually create a new work queue each time you want to want to route a deployment's flow runs separately. Agents can now pull from multiple work queues, and also automatically generate work queues that don't already exist. The result of these improvements is that most users will not have to interact directly with work queues at all, but advanced users can take advantage of them for increased control over how work is distributed to agents. These changes are fully backwards compatible. See the [documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/work-queues/) to learn more.
```

### Improvements and bug fixes
* Added three new exceptions to improve errors when parameters are incorrectly supplied to flow runs in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/6091

> * Fixed a task dependency tracing bug for unpacking and integer singletons in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/6348

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed a task dependency issue where unpacked values were not being correctly traced in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/6348
```
